You and I are going to play a game. The
way it works is that I look at all of
the numbers from one up to 100 and I
choose 10 of them. I then present you
with these 10 numbers and your challenge
is to find two distinct subsets from
whatever I choose that have the same
sum. So, for example, in this case,
these two different pairs of numbers
each add up to 102.
If you can do this, you win the game.
But, if I can find some collection of 10
numbers where no matter how hard you
try, you can't find two subsets that
have the same sum, then I would win the
game. My puzzle for you is which one of
us has the winning strategy?
This is part of a monthly series of
puzzlers that I'm doing in collaboration
with MoMath. If you want the solution
when it's out, stay subscribed either to
this channel or to their mailing list.